docs(api): 2.28 features (blowout position, tip position, touch tip, etc.) (#20740)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/python-api/docs/versioning.md

## Changes in API versions

### Version 2.28

- Return tips to the tip rack with a pipette that's configured to use [partial tip pickup](pipettes/partial-tip-pickup.md).

> - Use the [`set_empty()`][opentrons.protocol_api.labware.Labware.set_empty] method to label a tip rack on the deck as `empty`, letting the pipette return tips to additional tip racks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [`set_empty()`][opentrons.protocol_api.labware.Labware.set_empty] method to label a tip rack on the deck as `empty`, letting the pipette return tips to that rack. 
```
just a suggestion

- Adds additional tools to customize pipette blowouts: 
    - an absolute `flow_rate`.
    - a blowout position for a liquid class transfer.

> - Allows simplified [editing](liquid-classes.md#customizing-liquid-classes) of liquid class tip positions, including aspirate, dispense, and blowout positions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Simplifies [customizing liquid class](liquid-classes.md#customizing-liquid-classes) tip positions, including aspirate, dispense, and blowout positions.
```
